I care. So, what do you think of her, Han?
I have traced the Rebel spies to her. Now she is my only link to finding their secret base. What?! No! Alderaan is peaceful. We have no weapons. You can't possibly… Look, I ain't in this for your revolution, and I'm not in it for you, Princess. I expect to be well paid. I'm in it for the money.

You are a part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor! Take her away! Dantooine. They're on Dantooine. Alderaan? I'm not going to Alderaan. I've got to go home. It's late, I'm in for it as it is. I'm trying not to, kid.

I don't know what you're talking about. I am a member of the Imperial Senate on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan--
Leave that to me. Send a distress signal, and inform the Senate that all on board were killed. Partially, but it also obeys your commands. Remember, a Jedi can feel the Force flowing through him. You are a part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor! Take her away!

I can't get involved! I've got work to do! It's not that I like the Empire, I hate it, but there's nothing I can do about it right now. It's such a long way from here.
Dantooine. They're on Dantooine.
But with the blast shield down, I can't even see! How am I supposed to fight?
Hey, Luke! May the Force be with you.
The Force is strong with this one. I have you now. The Force is strong with this one. I have you now. Look, I ain't in this for your revolution, and I'm not in it for you, Princess. I expect to be well paid. I'm in it for the money.

You mean it controls your actions?
Remember, a Jedi can feel the Force flowing through him.
You're all clear, kid. Let's blow this thing and go home!
I'm trying not to, kid. Leave that to me. Send a distress signal, and inform the Senate that all on board were killed. All right. Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess that's what you're best at, ain't it?

You are a part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor! Take her away! No! Alderaan is peaceful. We have no weapons. You can't possibly… I suggest you try it again, Luke. This time, let go your conscious self and act on instinct.

I'm surprised you had the courage to take the responsibility yourself. Obi-Wan is here. The Force is with him. What good is a reward if you ain't around to use it? Besides, attacking that battle station ain't my idea of courage. It's more like…suicide.

Don't act so surprised, Your Highness. You weren't on any mercy mission this time. Several transmissions were beamed to this ship by Rebel spies. I want to know what happened to the plans they sent you. The more you tighten your grip, Tarkin, the more star systems will slip through your fingers.

You mean it controls your actions? You don't believe in the Force, do you? Leave that to me. Send a distress signal, and inform the Senate that all on board were killed. You mean it controls your actions?

I suggest you try it again, Luke. This time, let go your conscious self and act on instinct. Don't act so surprised, Your Highness. You weren't on any mercy mission this time. Several transmissions were beamed to this ship by Rebel spies. I want to know what happened to the plans they sent you.

All right. Well, take care of yourself, Han. I guess that's what you're best at, ain't it? What!? I find your lack of faith disturbing. Oh God, my uncle. How am I ever gonna explain this? I'm trying not to, kid.

I don't know what you're talking about. I am a member of the Imperial Senate on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan-- Don't be too proud of this technological terror you've constructed. The ability to destroy a planet is insignificant next to the power of the Force.

Hey, Luke! May the Force be with you. As you wish. You're all clear, kid. Let's blow this thing and go home! The plans you refer to will soon be back in our hands. I don't know what you're talking about. I am a member of the Imperial Senate on a diplomatic mission to Alderaan--

Don't underestimate the Force. In my experience, there is no such thing as luck. Hokey religions and ancient weapons are no match for a good blaster at your side, kid. You are a part of the Rebel Alliance and a traitor! Take her away!

But with the blast shield down, I can't even see! How am I supposed to fight? Don't act so surprised, Your Highness. You weren't on any mercy mission this time. Several transmissions were beamed to this ship by Rebel spies. I want to know what happened to the plans they sent you.
