Well, I didn't vote for you.
Burn her anyway! You don't frighten us, English pig-dogs! Go and boil your bottoms, sons of a silly person! I blow my nose at you, so-called Ah-thoor Keeng, you and all your silly English K-n-n-n-n-n-n-n-niggits!

You don't vote for kings. I'm not a witch. I don't want to talk to you no more, you empty-headed animal food trough water! I fart in your general direction! Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries! Now leave before I am forced to taunt you a second time!

Listen. Strange women lying in ponds distributing swords is no basis for a system of government. Supreme executive power derives from a mandate from the masses, not from some farcical aquatic ceremony.
But you are dressed as one… Found them? In Mercia?! The coconut's tropical! I don't want to talk to you no more, you empty-headed animal food trough water! I fart in your general direction! Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries! Now leave before I am forced to taunt you a second time!

Bring her forward!
Look, my liege!
And the hat. She's a witch!
Who's that then?
Where'd you get the coconuts? Now, look here, my good man. Well, she turned me into a newt. How do you know she is a witch? Why? Bring her forward!

I'm not a witch.
Who's that then?
But you are dressed as one…
Camelot! And this isn't my nose. This is a false one. Why? And this isn't my nose. This is a false one. I dunno. Must be a king. I'm not a witch.

You can't expect to wield supreme power just 'cause some watery tart threw a sword at you! Be quiet! Why do you think that she is a witch? And the hat. She's a witch! Well, she turned me into a newt.

Shh! Knights, I bid you welcome to your new home. Let us ride to Camelot! Why? I dunno. Must be a king. Be quiet! Now, look here, my good man.

Ah, now we see the violence inherent in the system! A newt? We shall say 'Ni' again to you, if you do not appease us. You can't expect to wield supreme power just 'cause some watery tart threw a sword at you!

Bloody Peasant! Knights of Ni, we are but simple travelers who seek the enchanter who lives beyond these woods. What a strange person. Now, look here, my good man. Now, look here, my good man.

Burn her anyway! Camelot! Well, she turned me into a newt. Ah, now we see the violence inherent in the system!

You can't expect to wield supreme power just 'cause some watery tart threw a sword at you! We found them. I don't want to talk to you no more, you empty-headed animal food trough water! I fart in your general direction! Your mother was a hamster and your father smelt of elderberries! Now leave before I am forced to taunt you a second time!

On second thoughts, let's not go there. It is a silly place. Look, my liege! Well, how'd you become king, then? Well, Mercia's a temperate zone! Well, Mercia's a temperate zone!

Well, what do you want? Be quiet! But you are dressed as one… Found them? In Mercia?! The coconut's tropical!

We want a shrubbery!! Did you dress her up like this? I dunno. Must be a king. The swallow may fly south with the sun, and the house martin or the plover may seek warmer climes in winter, yet these are not strangers to our land.

Well, how'd you become king, then? Where'd you get the coconuts? Where'd you get the coconuts? Shh! Knights, I bid you welcome to your new home. Let us ride to Camelot! Well, she turned me into a newt.
