Oh right. I forgot about the battle.
Oh dear! She's stuck in an infinite loop, and he's an idiot! Well, that's love for you. You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? Oh no! The professor will hit me! But if Zoidberg 'fixes' it… then perhaps gifts!

Hey, guess what you're accessories to. And remember, don't do anything that affects anything, unless it turns out you were supposed to, in which case, for the love of God, don't not do it! We're rescuing ya.

You'll have all the Slurm you can drink when you're partying with Slurms McKenzie!
Belligerent and numerous. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesn't make sense. We're rescuing ya. And I'd do it again! And perhaps a third time! But that would be it.

Hey, whatcha watching?
I haven't felt much of anything since my guinea pig died.
Ven ve voke up, ve had zese wodies.
Have you ever tried just turning off the TV, sitting down with your children, and hitting them?
You can crush me but you can't crush my spirit! These old Doomsday Devices are dangerously unstable. I'll rest easier not knowing where they are. Why would a robot need to drink? Hey, guess what you're accessories to.

Soon enough.
Oh God, what have I done?
Well, thanks to the Internet, I'm now bored with sex. Is there a place on the web that panders to my lust for violence?
Tell her she looks thin. Who are you, my warranty?! Bender?! You stole the atom. Quite possible. We live long and are celebrated poopers. That's not soon enough! File not found.

Okay, it's 500 dollars, you have no choice of carrier, the battery can't hold the charge and the reception isn't very… So I really am important? How I feel when I'm drunk is correct? This opera's as lousy as it is brilliant! Your lyrics lack subtlety. You can't just have your characters announce how they feel. That makes me feel angry!

It doesn't look so shiny to me. Dear God, they'll be killed on our doorstep! And there's no trash pickup until January 3rd. Wow! A superpowers drug you can just rub onto your skin? You'd think it would be something you'd have to freebase.

Interesting. No, wait, the other thing: tedious. I was having the most wonderful dream. Except you were there, and you were there, and you were there! And I'd do it again! And perhaps a third time! But that would be it.

Kids have names? You've killed me! Oh, you've killed me! Kif might! Now what? Bender, I didn't know you liked cooking. That's so cute.

Hi, I'm a naughty nurse, and I really need someone to talk to. $9.95 a minute. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesn't make sense. Ah, yes! John Quincy Adding Machine. He struck a chord with the voters when he pledged not to go on a killing spree.

Hi, I'm a naughty nurse, and I really need someone to talk to. $9.95 a minute. I just want to talk. It has nothing to do with mating. Fry, that doesn't make sense. Throw her in the brig. Leela, are you alright? You got wanged on the head.

I've got to find a way to escape the horrible ravages of youth. Suddenly, I'm going to the bathroom like clockwork, every three hours. And those jerks at Social Security stopped sending me checks. Now 'I'' have to pay ''them'! Throw her in the brig.

File not found. We're also Santa Claus! Oh yeah, good luck with that. Tell them I hate them. These old Doomsday Devices are dangerously unstable. I'll rest easier not knowing where they are. I am the man with no name, Zapp Brannigan!

Tell them I hate them. But, like most politicians, he promised more than he could deliver. Of all the friends I've had… you're the first. Goodbye, friends. I never thought I'd die like this. But I always really hoped.

Wow! A superpowers drug you can just rub onto your skin? You'd think it would be something you'd have to freebase. You guys realize you live in a sewer, right? There's no part of that sentence I didn't like!
